When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    I would use a remote repository when i wanted to share the work with others or 
    work on the project from multiple computers

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    The remote could have changes that are made by somebody else and either don't 
	work and could break what you have or might not work with changes you have not
	put on the remote repository.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    You would use a fork to create a copy of a repository that you will either not
	change are do not have permission to change. This only exists on GitHub. You clone when
	you want to create a copy of a repository. Branching is used inside a repository to 
	track a parallel version of line of development for a repository.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    So, that even offline you can keep track of what changes you have made that are not on the 
	remote repository.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Without some type of cm system you could share files over some other means like email.
	This would be easier in that you can just send file it would be much harder to keep
	all the changes synched or keep from clobbering others work or getting things into
	such a mess that it can't be made to work again without a huge effort.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    You would want to make changes in a separate branch most times when you are fixing bugs,
	adding functionality, or trying things out. You would only want to make changes to the master
	when you want to share with others or an idea or bug is ready to be incorparated to the
	main line of development.
